K8s compatible liveness and readiness probes OKAPI-904 (#982)
folio-org/okapi: doc/guide.md

system-generated UUID (in cluster mode), or `localhost` (in dev mode)
* `storage`: Defines the storage back end, `postgres`, `mongo` or (the default)
`inmemory`

> * `healthPort`: port for readiness and liveness checks. Default value is
>    0 (disabled). Provide non-zero value to enable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `healthPort`: port for the GET /readiness and GET /liveness health checks. Use 0 to disable, this is the default. They return 204 if Okapi is ready/responsive and 500 otherwise.
```

Author: ok
